1. incident response related: 
	
	Perform an AWS Security Audit includes enabling various security services(AWS guard duty, security hub)
	Penetration Testing in AWS
	Setting up event driven security (
		for preventive:
		WAF, IAM, Network Firewall, KMS
		for detective:
		CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, Inspector, Detective

2. logging & monitoring 
	AWS Inspector Vulnerability Scans
	WAF, Session, System, patchmanger. parameter store ,event bridge, event driven, athena, config,. 
	Amazon Macie
	Troubleshoot security monitoring and alerting.
	durable and secure log storage according to AWS bestpractices
	Troubleshoot logging solutions.
	Given the absence of logs, determine the incorrect configuration and define remediation steps.
	Analyze logging access permissions to determine incorrect configuration and define remediation
	steps.
	Based on the security policy requirements, determine the correct log level, type, and sources


 3. Data Protection
 	implement key management and use.
 	 implement a data encryption solution for data at rest and data in transit.
 	 Distinguish the compliance state of data through tag-based data classifications and automate remediation.
	Evaluate a number of transport encryption techniques and select the appropriate method (i.e.TLS, IPsec, client-side KMS encryption).

 4.  Infrastructure Security
 		edge security on AWS
 		Troubleshoot a secure network infrastructure.
 		 implement host-based security.
			Decide when to use host-based firewall like iptables.
			Recommend methods for host hardening and monitoring
		  implement a secure network infrastructure.
				Disable any unnecessary network ports and protocols.
				Given a set of edge protection requirements, evaluate the security groups and NACLs of an
				application for compliance and recommend required changes.
				Given security requirements, decide on network segmentation (e.g. security groups and NACLs)
				that allow the minimum ingress/egress access required.
				Determine the use case for VPN or Direct Connect.
				Determine the use case for enabling VPC Flow Logs.
				Given a description of the network infrastructure for a VPC, analyze the use of subnets and
				gateways for secure operation.


5. Identity and Access Management 

Services that we use: 

	Management and Governance:
		AWS Audit Manager
		AWS CloudTrail
		Amazon CloudWatch
		AWS Config
		AWS Organizations
		AWS Systems Manager
		AWS Trusted Advisor
		AWS Control tower


	Networking and Content Delivery:
		Amazon Detective
		AWS Firewall Manager
		AWS Network Firewall
		AWS Security Hub
		AWS Shield
		Amazon VPC
			VPC endpoints
			Network ACLs
			Security groups			 
		AWS WAF

	Security, Identity, and Compliance:
		AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
		AWS CloudHSM
		AWS Directory Service
		Amazon GuardDuty
		AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
		Amazon Inspector
		AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
		Amazon Macie
		AWS Single Sign-On





		Security Governance Approach

Enable Security Services  - Step1
SecurityHub
Check SecurityHub Integration with Wizy


Inspector 
AWS Config
Compliance Tracking - Company needs
HIPAA - Conformance Packs
CIS - 
NIST - 
Configuration Changes Tracking
AWS Macie
AWS Guard Duty
Deploy Control Tower

Security Domains for Projects

Identity & Access Management
Check the RBAC methodology being used and see if there is a possibility to reinvent the process to reduce the privileges and enforce least privilege. 
Reduce using generalized roles like AWS Admin, AWS Network Admin, Security Admin for team access instead use team specific roles to create least privilege of access to do their job. 
Create a periodic audit process to review unused permissions that are attached to roles and users in the AWS accounts. 
Logging & Monitoring
Logs need to centralized in log archive account
Write a bucket policy with retention needed. 
Define a governance approach to enable logging on all the resources that are provisioned within the AWS accounts. 
Infrastructure Security


Data Protection
Vulnerability Management 
Incident Response 
